.Dd November 19, 2020
.Dt MESS 1
.Os
.
.Sh NAME
.Nm mess
.Nd manage a
.Xr mess 7
directory structure
.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl s
.
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a command used to keep the
.Pa ~/mess/current
symbolic link up to date.
.Pp
When ran without options,
.Nm
will check to ensure that it points to the current year and week
number's
.Em mess directory .
If it does not, it will overwrite the link to point to it. If the
.Em mess directory
for the current year and week number does not exist, it will be
created.
.Pp
Regardless of what happens, the path to the current
.Em mess directory
gets printed before exiting.
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl s
Print out a
.Xr sh 1
.Tq mess
function that, when ran without any arguments, changes directory to
to the current mess directory.
If any arguments are given,
.Nm
itself is ran instead with those arguments.
.Pp
To make the function available to your shell, put the following
somewhere in its startup sequence:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
$ eval "$(mess -s)"
.Ed
.El
.
.Sh NOTES
.Ss Automating ~/mess/current updating
You probably want to update the
.Em current
symbolic link automatically.
It is recommended that you set a job scheduled to run at the top of each
hour in order to do so.
.Pp
An example of doing so with
.Xr crontab 5 :
.Bd -literal -offset indent
0 * * * * mess
.Ed
.Ss
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr mess 7
.Rs
.%T Keeping your home clean with \(dqmess\(dq
.%U https://leahneukirchen.org/blog/archive/2006/01/keeping-your-home-clean-with-mess.html
.%A Leah Neukirchen
.Re
.
.Sh HISTORY
The concept, and original Ruby implementation of
.Nm
was created in 2006 by
.An -nosplit
.An Leah Neukirchen Aq Mt leah@vuxu.org .
.
.Sh AUTHORS
.An Kylie McClain Aq Mt kylie@somas.is
